The delicious aroma from the kitchen was ruined by cigarette smoke.
It's much more difficult to play tennis with a bowling ball than it is to bowl with a tennis ball.
I was offended by the suggestion that my baby brother was a jewel thief.
Be careful with that butter knife.
His confidence would have bee admirable if it wasn't for his stupidity.
After fighting off the alligator, Brian still had to face the anaconda.
Shingle color was not something the couple had ever talked about.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
It doesn't sound like that will ever be on my travel list.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
The snow-covered path was no help in finding his way out of the back-country.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
Jeanne wished she has chosen the red button.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
He decided that the time had come to be stronger than any of the excuses he'd used until then.
It's always a good idea to seek shelter from the evil gaze of the sun.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.

Please LIKE & SHARE to keep our generators available!

Click
Like
Grape jelly was leaking out the hole in the roof.
She had a difficult time owning up to her own crazy self.
He found rain fascinating yet unpleasant.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
Seek success, but always be prepared for random cats.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
He had a vague sense that trees gave birth to dinosaurs.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
Gwen had her best sleep ever on her new bed of nails.
The toy brought back fond memories of being lost in the rain forest.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
With the high wind warning
He figured a few sticks of dynamite were easier than a fishing pole to catch fish.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
I’m working on a sweet potato farm.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
He never understood why what, when, and where left out who.
Imagine his surprise when he discovered that the safe was full of pudding.
She found his complete dullness interesting.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
I trust everything that's written in purple ink.
Some bathing suits just shouldn’t be worn by some people.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
The virus had powers none of us knew existed.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
She always had an interesting perspective on why the world must be flat.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
Henry couldn't decide if he was an auto mechanic or a priest.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
The sight of his goatee made me want to run and hide under my sister-in-law's bed.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
He spiked his hair green to support his iguana.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
Martha came to the conclusion that shake weights are a great gift for any occasion.
Courage and stupidity were all he had.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
The underground bunker was filled with chips and candy.

Please LIKE & SHARE to keep our generators available!

Click
Like
She had convinced her kids that any mushroom found on the ground would kill them if they touched it.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
On each full moon
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
He was sitting in a trash can with high street class.
Edith could decide if she should paint her teeth or brush her nails.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
The bread dough reminded her of Santa Clause’s belly.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
As the rental car rolled to a stop on the dark road, her fear increased by the moment.
He was surprised that his immense laziness was inspirational to others.
The overpass went under the highway and into a secret world.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
The spa attendant applied the deep cleaning mask to the gentleman’s back.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
He was all business when he wore his clown suit.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
After coating myself in vegetable oil I found my success rate skyrocketed.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
She used her own hair in the soup to give it more flavor.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
100 years old is such a young age if you happen to be a bristlecone pine.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Standing on one's head at job interviews forms a lasting impression.
The family’s excitement over going to Disneyland was crazier than she anticipated.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
The old apple revels in its authority.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
The busker hoped that the people passing by would throw money, but they threw tomatoes instead, so he exchanged his hat for a juicer.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Let me help you with your baggage.
David proudly graduated from high school top of his class at age 97.
She advised him to come back at once.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
There was no telling what thoughts would come from the machine.